Senior, you go first
I give you the queen
With your little triangular cat kung fu
He also carried his back in front of the Great Elder and went wild
If you leave now
I think you used to be a disciple of the Holy Land
I will spare your life
Or die without a burial like him
Who just said that he would die without a burial place?
Donor, how did you get out of customs?
You don't have to do this little thing.
The donor is this stinky woman
He not only broke into the Holy Land
And dare to insult you, Great Elder Yu
What did you say to insult him?
He said that Zi Xiao Jianjue is a woman's swordsmanship
He also said that you learned all your sword moves from him
What he said was just greed and ownership
He's the mentor I've been looking for
Benefactor, I finally see you again
It really is you
Just based on the one and a half moves I passed on to you back then
Create a door
Child, you have grown up.
The child is actually called the Holy Master
Benefactor of the Child Lord
Is he really bullying the cloud to offer the king?
I waited for a year without knowing Tarzan
Carry out Tianjin forgiveness
Disrespect to benefactor
Is disrespectful to me
You two are so brave
Xianjun, please forgive me this time
Xianjun, your lord doesn't remember villains
Give us a break this time
Skill without morality is not coordinated
It would be a disaster to keep you in the world
Look at Zi Xiao's face
Abolish your cultivation base
Achievement
Thank you Xianjun for sparing our lives